{\rtf1\ansi\ansicpg1252\cocoartf1038\cocoasubrtf360
{\fonttbl\f0\fswiss\fcharset0 ArialMT;\f1\froman\fcharset0 Times-Roman;}
{\colortbl;\red255\green255\blue255;}
\margl1440\margr1440\vieww9000\viewh8400\viewkind0
\deftab720
\pard\pardeftab720\sl340\ql\qnatural

DW APPROVED
Please make your design document (and all future documents) PLAIN TEXT files, not rich text files.

\f0\fs30 \cf0 Peter Lucido, Anthony Chernyak, Tyrone Ye
\f1\fs24 \
\pard\pardeftab720\ql\qnatural
\cf0 \
\pard\pardeftab720\sl340\ql\qnatural

\f0\fs30 \cf0 For our project we are creating a text based, turn-based, dungeon-crawler RPG. This game will be run and played from the terminal, and players will connect to a main server in order to join the game. 
\f1\fs24 \
\pard\pardeftab720\ql\qnatural
\cf0 \
\pard\pardeftab720\sl340\ql\qnatural

\f0\fs30 \cf0 Processes - Engine of the Game. Will handle player actions, and the \'93rules\'94 of the game.
\f1\fs24 \

\f0\fs30 Allocated Memory - Players Stats, Weapons, Etc and Monster stats
\f1\fs24 \

\f0\fs30 Working with Files - Stores information and stats on players
\f1\fs24 \

\f0\fs30 Signal Handling - Prevent game crashed and game loss. 
\f1\fs24 \

\f0\fs30 Servers - Will Hold the dungeons, main server will be \'93menu hub\'94, sub servers will hold actual games
\f1\fs24 \

\f0\fs30 Networking - Allows people to connect and play together
\f1\fs24 \

\f0\fs30 Shared Memory - Same as allocated memory, but for access from outside sources. (created by server)
\f1\fs24 \
\pard\pardeftab720\ql\qnatural
\cf0 \
\pard\pardeftab720\sl340\ql\qnatural

\f0\fs30 \cf0 As of this point, we do not know exactly which data structures we will be using. For algorithms, a linear function will be used to determine the difficulty of the current level, and another linear function will be used for leveling and XP gain. Random Number Generators will be used in conjunction with the linear functions to determine aspects such as enemy health and damage.
\f1\fs24 \

\f0\fs30 Delegation of work:
\f1\fs24 \

\f0\fs30 	
\f1\fs24 \

\f0\fs30 	As of now, we will begin by creating the main server and engine functionality together. After that, we will split the work accordingly.
\f1\fs24 \
\pard\pardeftab720\ql\qnatural
\cf0 \
\pard\pardeftab720\sl340\ql\qnatural

\f0\fs30 \cf0 Timeline
\f1\fs24 \
\pard\pardeftab720\ql\qnatural
\cf0 \
\pard\pardeftab720\sl340\ql\qnatural

\f0\fs30 \cf0 Main Server/Engine - Done by Jan.17
\f1\fs24 \

\f0\fs30 Networking \'93Online\'94 Portion - Done by Jan.22
\f1\fs24 \

\f0\fs30 Debugging - Done by Jan 24th
\f1\fs24 \
\pard\pardeftab720\ql\qnatural
\cf0 \
\
}